# SentiVita-RS-1-Aetherion-
A Multidisciplinary Healthcare System
To run this project, the following steps need to be done:

Step 1) Clone the whole repository first and set the paths correctly. The paths are for the Llama 3.2 1B LLM and 14 dataset paths in "pth" format. Registration, Authentication and Authentication_Logs are the final paths to be updated in the backend. Note that the path upadting will initially take place in the backend file which can be found in the folder named as gguf-api.
Step 2) The Step 2 is to edit the LaunhAetherion file. The ngrok application will be added in the githib repo as well so, when the whole repo is cloned, ngrok will also be downloaded. After this, in the file update the paths for the FRONTEND_PATH which is in the folder Aetherion/app. Backend path as mentioned earlier is in the gguf-api folder. Them, set the ngrok path in the LaunchAetherion bat file as well. The SCRIPT_FILE path does not to be changed as long as the FRONTEND_PATH is updated. This compleletes the updating part to run the system.
Step 3) The file LaunhAetherion is a Wndows Batch File (BAT File ) so, the updates mentioned in step 2 need to be done by editing the file in notepad and saving it through "save", not "save as.
Step 4) This is all for setting up the project and if all these steps are followed correctly, then, the user has to click on the windows batch file "LaunhAetherion" to initiate the process and then soon it opens terminals. As soon as the URL can been seen in the terminal window which will appear this, ex, "https://e244-210-19-13-180.ngrok-free.app". The iser will be URL like this which he has to copy and paste in another terminal which asks to please copy and paste the ngrok url. Note that this is an example URL but, the structure is mostly the same. Ngrok provides with different URL's eaxch time you load. So, after pasting the URL in the terminal and clicking enter it, will display press any key to continue. Enter can be clicked again and it will immediately load the system automatcially which will be the index file which is the interface. This system is API based so, please make sure that the connection is stable to do LLM Inference, Prediction, Visualization, and 3D Limb Reconstruction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------User will initially see three termainals after clicking the batch file. The first one is which just shows if the Port is active. The second terminal is the ngrok terminal from which the URL will be copied and pasted in the third terminal just as mentioned in Step 4.
